BreakOath effect
Uncenter effect
Scrolling stances window does not redraw correctly if a new stance is added
Sacred Fists can select a "Follower Of" feat in standard and bonus feat slots at level 1 and deity at level 6
Some stances new requirements (See Blightcaster Imbues)
DR types do not list correctly (see korthos Axebane bracers)
Command needs to add the -6 for value 2 when generated automatically
At level 6, saves were all too low by 1
Level 7 hp out by 5
Level 8/9 out by ~12 hp
Shrine of the Devourer 15 resist does not apply yet at level 13

Planar Searing on weapons

Skullduggery kits (random buffs)

Alchemical Orb/Shields

Resistance too high by 5 due to guild buffs at level 20 (should be 10)
Spell Threat Generation 10% too low at level 20
Dodge too low by 1 at level 20
Fortitude save too low by 6 at level 20 (others ok)
Sneak attack/damage bonus too low at level 20
Missing 10 ranged threat at level 20

Missing Views:
---Saga tracking
---Bank

Reports by DODOCung:
(something that would be neat is a stat of spell point percentage reduction)


    Hi there,

Thanks for still working on the DDOBuilder!

Im playing DDO on and off since release - like most of us I guess. Ive been using the DDOBuilder more and more over the years. Here's some feedback to Version 2.x:

- Don't load Items/EQ right at startup. It takes long and I dont always want to work on gear. Make it load on demand.
- Dark Mode. Please.
- A way to change font size. I assume this is possible thru Windows (OS), but I dont want to change my general design just for one application.
- Make choices in "Settings" and - to a lesser degree - in the task bar more visible. Icons are small enough, that I have problems easily seeing if the choices are on or off. Checkmarks in Settings would help a lot!
- When changing names for my Lifes in the builds tab, I had a lot of crashes or reverting the names back to default "Life 1". I just left them at default for now. Needs another look.
- Just now, I loaded a file from version 17 that I wanted to add another life to. Now all the buttons in "Past Lives and Special Feats" are greyed out and non-interactable with no way for me to find out why. Closing the app and starting it again and loading the file again fixed it.

Thats all for now. Have a nice weekend!
 Like  Quote ReplyReport
Belenian
New member
Yesterday at 12:33 PMNew
Oh, I forgot:
- Selecting feats is very cumbersome. Mouse scrolling is disorientating. Maybe make several columns? And a search bar?

Mors — 15/05/2024 02:41
Shield stats aren’t showing up, is this a known bug or a bad download?
[02:42]
I”ve done the wiki crawls with hopes it would fix itself but nada